Safe Work Method Statement (SWMS) Dynamic Web Form.

This is a web form that will be used by onsite technicians to record the different work safety requirements
specific to that job site. The web app should be optimized for use on iPads.

Users should be able to create, update, delete and print (to pdf) each SWMS form.

Each action is explained below.

Create.

    1. User selects "Create SWMS" button on the dashboard (or homepage)
    2. User selects which SWMS Groups are present onsite and to be included in SWMS form.
        a. Each SWMS Group is associated with a series of specific job tasks
    3. The base SWMS Form is loaded, with the SWMS Groups and associated job tasks from Step 2.
    4. After filling out all required fields, user saves form which is saved to the server, and emailed to office
        a. Email address will specified on the form
        b. Form must have validation and all errors reported
        c. All job tasks must saved to another model that is specific only to this SWMS form and not update the default
        job tasks.

Update
    1. User select the SWMS Form to be updated from the dashboard.
    2. All fields should be editable.

Delete
    1. Users selects to delete SWMS form from the dashboard, that form and its associated Job Tasks are deleted.

Print
    1. User selects the Print button from dashboard, that SWMS is printed to PDF on the server and emailed.
    2. PDF should be styled like example word document in project folder (SWMS-example.doc)


TODO

Dashboard (homepage)
    1. Update/Print/Delete Button functions need to be completed.
    2. Search functionality needs to be enabled to search on 'Site Number', 'SWMS ID', 'Job Type + Job Number'
    3. Search bar could be added to a nav bar at top of form

Form: section_header.html
    1. Business contact information should be placed in bottom-right.

Form: section_1.html
    1. EFS Contact Signature field -- needs to be a touchscreen signature field optimized for iPad

Form: section_2.html
    1. None

Form: section_3.html
    1. Each job task should be editable (on update) and attached specifically to this SWMS Form.

Form: section_4.html
    1. Hazardous on-site substances needs to have a button to add more fields
        a. Currently set to 3 fields, could be 10-20

Form: section_5.html
    1. Sign off needs to have button to add more rows
        a. Currently set to 5 fields, could be 10-20

Form: section_footer.html
    1. Fields that need to be created/added
        a. Document Number e.g. 'SWMS' + SWMS.id
        b. Issue Date - Date that SWMS was first created
        c. Revision Date - Date that last time SWMS was updated
        d. Revision Number - Version number, which increases each time SWMS Form is updated.



